
❯ <ide_opened_file>The user opened the file
  /var/www/ui-apps/freee-backend/src/chat/entities/conversation.entity.ts in
  the IDE. This may or may not be related to the current
  task.</ide_opened_file>
  ⎿  [Image #1]

❯ fix auth error

  Searched for 1 pattern, ran 1 shell command (ctrl+o to expand)

● I didn't change any code. This error happens in the Android app before it ever
  reaches your backend, so there's nothing in this repo to fix.

  Why: "An internal error has occurred. [ Error code:39 ]" comes from the
  Firebase Auth SDK's verifyPhoneNumber() call on the phone. The app hasn't sent
  anything to /auth/firebase-login yet at that point, because there's no ID
  token until the SMS code is verified. This repo only checks ID tokens
  (src/auth/firebase-auth.service.ts) and has no phone or SMS sending code.

  Error 39 is Firebase refusing to send the SMS. The usual causes, most likely
  first:

  1. SHA fingerprints missing. In Firebase Console → Project settings → your
     Android app, add both SHA-1 and SHA-256 for every key that signs the build:
     - debug: ./gradlew signingReport
     - release/upload key
     - Play App Signing key, if installed from Play (Play Console → App
       integrity)

     Then download a fresh google-services.json, put it in the app and rebuild.
  2. Play Integrity API not enabled. In Google Cloud Console for the same
     project, enable the Play Integrity API. It's also worth checking that the
     app's firebase-auth and play-services libraries are up to date.
  3. SMS region policy. In Firebase Console → Authentication → Settings → SMS
     region policy, make sure Ghana (+233) isn't blocked, or allowlist it.
  4. Billing / quota. Phone Auth needs the Blaze plan for real SMS. Check
     Authentication → Usage for the daily SMS limit.
  5. Device throttled. Too many attempts from one device or number gets
     temporarily blocked. Try another device or number, or wait a few hours.

  To test without SMS: add +233 24 322 3959 under Authentication → Sign-in
  method → Phone → Phone numbers for testing with a fixed code. If that works,
  the setup is fine and the problem is 3, 4 or 5. If it still fails, it's 1 or
  2.

  The most common cause is a Play-installed build whose Play App Signing SHA-256
  was never added. If you can open the Android app project here, I can check
  its google-services.json and Firebase setup.

❯ the build iss a dev build

● A dev build is signed with a debug keystore, so the most likely cause is that
  this keystore's fingerprints were never added to Firebase.

  1. Get the SHA-1 and SHA-256 of the key that signed this build

  Which command depends on how the build was made:

  - Built locally with Gradle or npx expo run:android:
  cd android && ./gradlew signingReport
    Use the debug variant. Each developer's machine has its own debug keystore
    (~/.android/debug.keystore), so fingerprints from a teammate's machine won't
    cover your builds.
  - Built with EAS (Expo dev client): the build is signed with EAS's keystore,
    not your local one:
  eas credentials -p android
    Pick the development profile and copy both fingerprints.
  - Not sure: check the installed APK itself:
  apksigner verify --print-certs app-debug.apk

  2. Register them in Firebase

  In Firebase Console → Project settings → Android app, click Add fingerprint
  and add both SHA-1 and SHA-256. Also check that the package name there matches
  the dev build's applicationId exactly. Dev variants often add a suffix such
  as .dev or .debug, which counts as a separate app in Firebase.

  3. Rebuild

  Download the new google-services.json, replace the one in the app, and do a
  clean rebuild. Changing the file alone doesn't reach an already installed
  build.

  4. Enable the Play Integrity API

  In Google Cloud Console for the same project, enable the Play Integrity API.
  Dev builds usually fail the integrity check and fall back to a reCAPTCHA check
  in the browser, so the phone needs Chrome available.

  To get unblocked while you do this: add your number under Authentication →
  Sign-in method → Phone → Phone numbers for testing with a fixed code. That
  skips SMS and the device checks, so development can continue.

  If it still fails with the correct fingerprints registered, send me the output
  of signingReport (or eas credentials) and the package name, and I'll compare
  them with the Firebase setup.

❯ can you access clausde in chrome

● No, I can't use Claude in Chrome from this session. I don't have any browser
  tools here, so I can't open the Firebase or Google Cloud consoles for you.

  Claude Code can connect to the Claude in Chrome extension if you set it up. I
  believe you start it with claude --chrome or the /chrome command, but I
  haven't confirmed that here. The claude-code-guide agent can check the exact
  steps if you want. The extension would need to be installed and logged in to
  the same account, and this VS Code session would then need restarting with
  that connection. After that I could go through the Firebase Console myself.

  Without that, here's the fastest way forward:

  1. Run the signing command yourself (./gradlew signingReport or eas
     credentials -p android) and paste the output here.
  2. Open Firebase Console → Project settings → Android app, and paste or
     screenshot the package name and the fingerprints listed there.

  I'll compare the two and tell you exactly what's missing or doesn't match.

❯ how to export this chat.

● Claude Code has a built-in /export command. Type /export and send it, and it
  offers to copy the conversation to the clipboard or save it as a text file.
  You can also pass a filename, like /export firebase-auth-fix.txt, to save it
  in the project folder.

  I'm not sure the VS Code extension supports /export the way the terminal CLI
  does. If it doesn't work here, you have two other options:

  - Use the CLI: run claude --continue in a terminal in this project to reopen
    this conversation, then run /export there.
  - Use the saved file: Claude Code saves every session as a JSONL file under
    ~/.claude/projects/-var-www-ui-apps-freee-backend/. The newest file there is
    this chat. It's raw JSON, so it's less readable than an export.

  If you want to share the fix with your team, I can also write the
  Android/Firebase troubleshooting steps into a file, such as a section in
  docs/ANDROID_INTEGRATION.md.